Elasticsearch storage support merge all metrics/meter indices into one physical index (#9416)
apache/skywalking: docs/en/setup/backend/backend-storage.md

correct request formats according to the server-side version, hence you don't need to download different binaries
and don't need to configure different storage selectors for different ElasticSearch server-side versions anymore.

> Since 9.2.0, SkyWalking support merge all metrics/meter indices into one physical index `metrics-all`.
> Provide config `SW_STORAGE_ES_LOGIC_SHARDING` to sharding metrics indices into multi physical indices as previous version, but disabled by default. 
> If disabled, all metrics will persist in one physical index, to reduce the number of physical indices.
> If enabled, the metrics will persist in multi physical indices according to their model index name and aggregation function name, 
> the metrics which has the same aggregation function name will persist in one physical index.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since 9.2.0, SkyWalking merges all metrics/meter indices into one physical index template `metrics-all` on the default setting.
Provide system environment variable(`SW_STORAGE_ES_LOGIC_SHARDING`) to shard metrics indices into multi-physical indices as the previous versions(one index template per metric/meter aggregation function).
In the current one index mode, users still could choose to adjust ElasticSearch's shard number(`SW_STORAGE_ES_INDEX_SHARDS_NUMBER`) to scale out.
```
